Wed Aug 17, 2004: Released Refine 1.2.2

Fixed FAKEGeom.

Wed Aug 17, 2004: Released Refine 1.2.1

Removed all references to SDK UG_API and Goolache fo the refine lib;
you will only need to link to GEOLAB SDK CADGeom and MeatLib.  Added
static versions of SGI n32 CADGeom+CAPRINative and MeatLib in
geomSGIn32; see INSTALL for usage. Silenced reporting of CAD parameter
mismatches on restart. Note that there is a bug in the recreation of
CAPRI restarts that still needs to be fixed, but projecting points
works for all geometries tested so far.  Limited the range of R
(aspect ratio) to reduce the number of cases that the linear elasticy
system goes unstable with Gauss-Seidel. Use springs if the linear
elasticy system goes unstable. I have noticed an extra node or cell
reported by the load balacing routine in FUN3D on rare occations for
large grids on may processors. I have not been able to isolate
problem.

Wed Aug  9, 2004: Released Refine 1.2.0

Replaced obsolete SDK/Goolache/MeshMgr with SDK/UG_API methods.  The
combination of removing cells from the mesh with two bounday triangles
(gridRemoveTwoFaceCell), Simplex optimization of volume
(gridRelaxNegativeCells), and existing edge swapping has been able to
fix the few negative elements that result from linear elasticy grid
movement to perform surface projection.

Wed Jul 16, 2004: Released Refine 1.1.0

Added linear elasticy grid movement
SDK tagged DynLoader_MeshMgr_Used

Wed Jul 13, 2004: Released Refine 1.0.0

First public release. Use with FUN3D version 3.3.0

Wed Jun 29, 2004: Released Refine 0.7.5

Tag before going to new GeoSDK UG_API implementation.
Continued work on parallel rebuild of GeoSDK restart info.

Wed Jun  2, 2004: Released Refine 0.7.4

gridmove and CAPRI(CADGeom) read work in parallel. Parallel node
smoothing works for CAD and fake geometry. Fixed off-by-one numbering
bug in fortran interface gridfreezenode.

Mon May  3, 2004: Released Refine 0.7.3

Tagging before gridmpi:gridParallelEdgeCollapse extension.

Thu Apr 20, 2004: Released Refine 0.7.2

Tagging before queue refactor and gridmpi:gridApplayQueue speedup.

Thu Apr 15, 2004: Released Refine 0.7.1

Last version to use old pre-GeoBool tag on the SDK. Fixed more bugs in
mulitple normals for BWB case.

Thu Apr 11, 2004: Released Refine 0.7.0

refine now has parallel fortran bindings for FUN3D(HEFSS) see
HEFSS.rps/LibF90/refine_interface.f90 and refine/src/gridfortran.c.
Added collision detection, varible normals, and multiple normals to
advancing fronts. Harold Atkins added code to generate an Synthetic
Jet Grid. Muliple normals (blends) are more general.

Thu Jan 30, 2003: Released Refine 0.6

MesherX makes viscous grids on a box, plate, and om6

Thu Jan 15, 2003: Released Refine 0.5

New MesherX library structure

Thu Jan  9, 2003: Released Refine 0.4

Now have advancing layers with inflation and can insert non-manifold
edges on faces

